Q1.What is padding and margin and when do you use them?

Ans: Padding is basically:-
    ● Padding properties are used to generate space around an element's content,
    inside of any defined borders.
    ● With CSS, we have full control over the padding.There are properties for
    setting the padding for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left).
    Similar to margin, CSS has properties for specifying the padding for each side of
    an element:
    ● padding-top
    ● padding-right
    ● padding-bottom
    ● padding-left
    Example:-
    padding-top: 100px;
    padding-bottom: 100px;
    padding-right: 150px;
    padding-left: 80px;

    Margin is basically:-
    ● When no defined borders surround an element, a space is created using the CSS
    margin attributes.
    ● We have complete control over the margins through CSS. Each side of an
    element can have its margin set using attributes (top, right, bottom, and left).
    ● CSS has properties for specifying the margin for each side of an element:
    1. margin-top
    2. margin-right
    3. margin-bottom
    4. margin-left
    Example:-
    margin-top: 100px;
    margin-bottom: 100px;
    margin-right: 150px;
    margin-left: 80px;

Q2.What is display property and explain inline,block and inline-block?

Ans : Display property
    ● The display property specifies the display behavior (the type of rendering box) of an element.
    ● In HTML, the default display property value is taken from the HTML specifications or
    from the browser/user default style sheet. The default value in XML is inline,
    including SVG elements.

    INLINE Display Property :- Displays an element as an inline element (like <span>). Any height and width properties will have no effect.
    BLOCK Display Property :- Displays an element as a block element (like <p>). It starts on a new line, and takes up the whole width.
    INLINE-BLOCK Display Property : -Displays an element as an inline-level block container. The element itself is formatted as an inline element, but you can apply height and width values.

    Q3.Explain min height, min width, max height, and max width in CSS?

    Ans :
    A. Min-height Property :-
    ● In CSS, the min-height property is used to specify an element's minimum height.
    ● The min-height attribute is utilised when the content of an element is less than the
    specified minimum height; otherwise, it has no impact.
    ● This property makes sure that the height property value is greater than the
    minimum height of the element under consideration.

    B.Min width Property :-
    ● In CSS, the min-width property is used to specify an element's minimum width.
    ● The width value must be greater than the min-width value.
    ● Min-width preserves the set minimum width even if the content supplied within the
    element is lower.

    C.Max-height Property :-
    ● A CSS element's maximum height can be set using the max-height property.
    ● The content of the element will overflow if its size exceeds the maximum height
    given; otherwise, it has no impact.
    ● If the element's content is less, it has no impact. The max-height property has the
    ability to override the value of the height property.

    D.Max-width property
    ● The max-width property defines the maximum width of an element.
    ● If the content is larger than the maximum width, it will automatically change the
    height of the element.
    ● If the content is smaller than the maximum width, the max-width property has no
    effect.
